the athletic design of the 2014 Hyundai
Tucson proves to be more than just good
looks for this five-passenger crossover
utility vehicle function and versatility
go hand-in-hand with style new for 2014
our GDI direct injection engines on all
models suspension enhancements for
improved comfort and control new
projector headlights with LED accents
and available wraparound LED tail lights
the entry-level Tucson is now offered
with all-wheel drive displaying the
signature hexagonal grille and an
aggressive lower air intake the Tucson
represents all that is current and
Hyundai's design style muscular sports
car like lines flow back past body color
power side mirrors to the rear liftgate
with integrated lip spoiler inside
standard conveniences include a
multi-function steering wheel and a
six-speaker audio system with satellite
radio SE and limited trims get a 4.3
inch touchscreen while a 7-inch
touchscreen with navigation is optional
on the limited engine choices include a
164 horsepower direct-injected 2 liter
inline 4 and a 182 horsepower
direct-injected 2.4 liter inline 4 both
engines are mated to a 6-speed automatic
transmission with either front wheel or
available all-wheel drive here the
highest and lowest estimates for fuel
economy standard safety features include
electronic brake-force distribution with
brake assist and traction control
systems while the SE unlimited get a
rear-view camera available blue link
telematics add safety maintenance and
traffic services the 2014 Hyundai Tucson
is backed by a 5 year 60,000 mile basic
warranty and a 10 year 100,000 mile
powertrain warranty muscular features
substantial amenities and strong
performance enabled the 2014 Hyundai
Tucson to make its way through the
crowded midsize crossover segment with
conviction and style